The President:
Hello, everybody.
In recent weeks, we've seen
signs that our economy is
growing stronger and creating
jobs at a faster clip.
While numbers and figures will
go up and down in the coming
months, what cannot waver is our
resolve to do everything in our
power to keep stoking the
fires of the recovery.
And the last thing we should
do is let Washington stand
in the way.
You see, at the
end of the month,
taxes are set to go up on 160
million working Americans.
If you're one of them, then you
know better than anyone that the
last thing you need
right now is a tax hike.
But if Congress refuses to act,
middle class taxes will go up.
It's that simple.
Now, if this sounds familiar,
it's because we've been
here before.
Back in December, Congress faced
this exact same predicament.
Ultimately, thanks
to your voices,
they did the right thing --
but only after a great deal of
bickering and political
posturing that put the strength
of our economy and the
security of middle class
families at risk.
We can't go through that again.
Congress needs to stop
this middle class tax hike
from happening.
Period.
No drama.
No delay.
And no ideological side issues
that have nothing to do with
this tax cut.
Now is not the time for
self-inflicted wounds to
our recovery.
Now is the time for
common-sense action.
And this tax cut
is common-sense.
If you're a family making
about $50,000 a year,
this tax cut amounts
to about $1,000 a year.
That's about $40
in every paycheck.
I know there are some folks in
this town who think $40 isn't a
lot of money.
But to a student or a senior
who's trying to stretch the
budget a little bit further?
To a parent who's filling up
the tank and looking at rising
gas prices?
To them, $40 can make all
the difference in the world.
And so can your voice.
I hope you'll pick up the phone,
send a tweet, write an email,
and tell your representative
that they should get this done
before it's too late.
Tell them not to play politics
again by linking this debate to
unrelated issues.
Tell them not to manufacture
another needless standoff
or crisis.
Tell them not to stand in
the way of the recovery.
Tell them to just do their job.
That's what our
middle class needs.
That's what our country needs.
In the wake of the worst
economic crisis of our
lifetimes, we're getting
things going again.
And we're going to keep at
it until everyone shares in
America's comeback.
Thanks, and have
a great weekend.